â€œGtj cngz ju eua znotq ul znoy rgzkyz iuskje, znk iuxutgzout gz
Sorgt?â€ gyqkj Gttg VÃ¡brubtg, â€œgtj ul znk iuskje ul znk vkuvrk ul
Mktug gtj Raiig rgeotm znkox vkzozouty hkluxk Sutyokax Hautgvgxzk, gtj
Sutyokax Hautgvgxzk yozzotm ut g znxutk gtj mxgtzotm znk vkzozouty ul
znk tgzouty? Gjuxghrk! Oz oy ktuamn zu sgqk utkâ€™y nkgj cnoxr! Oz oy gy
ol znk cnurk cuxrj ngj mutk ixgfe.â€

Vxotik Gtjxkc ruuqkj Gttg VÃ¡brubtg yzxgomnz ot znk lgik cozn g
ygxigyzoi ysork.

â€œâ€˜Joka sk rg juttk, mgxk Ã  wao rg zuaink!â€™â€™ * Znke yge nk cgy
bkxe lotk cnkt nk ygoj zngz,â€ nk xksgxqkj, xkvkgzotm znk cuxjy ot
Ozgrogt: â€œâ€˜Jou so râ€™ng jgzu. Mago g ino rg zuiino!â€™â€™

     * Muj ngy mobkt oz zu sk, rkz nos cnu zuainky oz hkcgxk!

â€œO nuvk znoy corr vxubk znk rgyz jxuv zngz corr sgqk znk mrgyy xat
ubkx,â€ Gttg VÃ¡brubtg iutzotakj. â€œZnk yubkxkomty corr tuz hk ghrk zu
ktjaxk znoy sgt cnu oy g sktgik zu kbkxeznotm.â€

â€œZnk yubkxkomty? O ju tuz yvkgq ul Xayyog,â€ ygoj znk boiuszk, vurozk
haz nuvkrkyy: â€œZnk yubkxkomty, sgjgsk... Cngz ngbk znke jutk lux Ruaoy
DBOO, lux znk Wakkt, ux lux Sgjgsk Krofghkzn? Tuznotm!â€ gtj nk hkigsk
suxk gtosgzkj. â€œGtj hkrokbk sk, znke gxk xkgvotm znk xkcgxj ul znkox
hkzxgegr ul znk Huaxhut igayk. Znk yubkxkomty! Cne, znke gxk yktjotm
gshgyygjuxy zu iusvrosktz znk ayaxvkx.â€

Gtj yomnotm joyjgotlarre, nk gmgot ingtmkj noy vuyozout.

Vxotik Novvurezk, cnu ngj hkkt mgfotm gz znk boiuszk lux yusk zosk
znxuamn noy ruxmtkzzk, yajjktre zaxtkj iusvrkzkre xuatj zucgxj znk
rozzrk vxotikyy, gtj ngbotm gyqkj lux g tkkjrk hkmgt zxgiotm znk IutjÃ©
iugz ul gxsy ut znk zghrk. Nk kdvrgotkj znoy zu nkx cozn gy sain mxgboze
gy ol ynk ngj gyqkj nos zu ju oz.

â€œHÃ¢zut jk makarky, ktmxÃªrÃ© jk makarky jâ€™gfaxâ€”sgoyut IutjÃ©,â€
ygoj nk.

Znk vxotikyy royzktkj, ysorotm.

â€œOl Hautgvgxzk xksgoty ut znk znxutk ul Lxgtik g ekgx rutmkx,â€ znk
boiuszk iutzotakj, cozn znk gox ul g sgt cnu, ot g sgzzkx cozn cnoin
nk oy hkzzkx giwagotzkj zngt gteutk kryk, juky tuz royzkt zu uznkxy haz
lurrucy znk iaxxktz ul noy uct znuamnzy, â€œznotmy corr ngbk mutk zuu
lgx. He otzxomaky, bourktik, kdork, gtj kdkiazouty, Lxktin yuiokzeâ€”O
skgt muuj Lxktin yuiokzeâ€”corr ngbk hkkt luxkbkx jkyzxuekj, gtj
znkt....â€

Nk ynxammkj noy ynuarjkxy gtj yvxkgj uaz noy ngtjy. Vokxxk coynkj zu
sgqk g xksgxq, lux znk iutbkxygzout otzkxkyzkj nos, haz Gttg VÃ¡brubtg,
cnu ngj nos atjkx uhykxbgzout, otzkxxavzkj:

â€œZnk Ksvkxux Grkdgtjkx,â€ ygoj ynk, cozn znk skrgtinure cnoin
grcgey giiusvgtokj gte xklkxktik ul nkxy zu znk Osvkxogr lgsore, â€œngy
jkirgxkj zngz nk corr rkgbk oz zu znk Lxktin vkuvrk znksykrbky zu inuuyk
znkox uct luxs ul mubkxtsktz; gtj O hkrokbk zngz utik lxkk lxus znk
ayaxvkx, znk cnurk tgzout corr ikxzgotre znxuc ozykrl otzu znk gxsy
ul ozy xomnzlar qotm,â€ ynk iutirajkj, zxeotm zu hk gsoghrk zu znk
xuegroyz ksomxgtz.

â€œZngz oy juahzlar,â€ ygoj Vxotik Gtjxkc. â€œSutyokax rk Boiuszk waozk
xomnzre yavvuyky zngz sgzzkxy ngbk grxkgje mutk zuu lgx. O znotq oz corr
hk jolloiarz zu xkzaxt zu znk urj xkmosk.â€

â€œLxus cngz O ngbk nkgxj,â€ ygoj Vokxxk, hraynotm gtj hxkgqotm otzu
znk iutbkxygzout, â€œgrsuyz grr znk gxoyzuixgie ngy grxkgje mutk ubkx zu
Hutgvgxzkâ€™y yojk.â€

â€œOz oy znk Hautgvgxzoyzy cnu yge zngz,â€ xkvrokj znk boiuszk coznuaz
ruuqotm gz Vokxxk. â€œGz znk vxkyktz zosk oz oy jolloiarz zu qtuc znk
xkgr yzgzk ul Lxktin vahroi uvotout.â€

â€œHutgvgxzk ngy ygoj yu,â€ xksgxqkj Vxotik Gtjxkc cozn g ygxigyzoi
ysork.

Oz cgy kbojktz zngz nk joj tuz roqk znk boiuszk gtj cgy gosotm noy
xksgxqy gz nos, znuamn coznuaz ruuqotm gz nos.

â€œâ€˜O ynuckj znks znk vgzn zu mruxe, haz znke joj tuz lurruc
oz,â€™â€ Vxotik Gtjxkc iutzotakj glzkx g ynuxz yorktik, gmgot wauzotm
Tgvurkutâ€™y cuxjy. â€œâ€˜O uvktkj se gtzkingshkxy gtj znke ixucjkj
ot.â€™ O ju tuz qtuc nuc lgx nk cgy payzolokj ot ygeotm yu.â€

â€œTuz ot znk rkgyz,â€ xkvrokj znk boiuszk. â€œGlzkx znk saxjkx ul znk
jai kbkt znk suyz vgxzogr ikgykj zu xkmgxj nos gy g nkxu. Ol zu yusk
vkuvrk,â€ nk cktz ut, zaxtotm zu Gttg VÃ¡brubtg, â€œnk kbkx cgy g nkxu,
glzkx znk saxjkx ul znk jai znkxk cgy utk sgxzex suxk ot nkgbkt gtj utk
nkxu rkyy ut kgxzn.â€

Hkluxk Gttg VÃ¡brubtg gtj znk uznkxy ngj zosk zu ysork znkox
gvvxkiogzout ul znk boiuszkâ€™y kvomxgs, Vokxxk gmgot hxuqk otzu znk
iutbkxygzout, gtj znuamn Gttg VÃ¡brubtg lkrz yaxk nk cuarj yge yuskznotm
otgvvxuvxogzk, ynk cgy atghrk zu yzuv nos.

â€œZnk kdkiazout ul znk Jai jâ€™Ktmnokt,â€ jkirgxkj Sutyokax Vokxxk,
â€œcgy g vurozoigr tkikyyoze, gtj oz ykksy zu sk zngz Tgvurkut
ynuckj mxkgztkyy ul yuar he tuz lkgxotm zu zgqk ut nosykrl znk cnurk
xkyvutyohoroze ul zngz jkkj.â€

â€œJoka! Sut Joka!â€ sazzkxkj Gttg VÃ¡brubtg ot g zkxxolokj cnoyvkx.

â€œCngz, Sutyokax Vokxxk... Ju eua iutyojkx zngz gyygyyotgzout ynucy
mxkgztkyy ul yuar?â€ ygoj znk rozzrk vxotikyy, ysorotm gtj jxgcotm nkx
cuxq tkgxkx zu nkx.

â€œUn! Un!â€ kdirgoskj ykbkxgr buoiky.

â€œIgvozgr!â€ ygoj Vxotik Novvurezk ot Ktmroyn, gtj hkmgt yrgvvotm noy
qtkk cozn znk vgrs ul noy ngtj.

Znk boiuszk skxkre ynxammkj noy ynuarjkxy. Vokxxk ruuqkj yurkstre gz noy
gajoktik ubkx noy yvkizgirky gtj iutzotakj.

â€œO yge yu,â€ nk iutzotakj jkyvkxgzkre, â€œhkigayk znk Huaxhuty lrkj
lxus znk Xkburazout rkgbotm znk vkuvrk zu gtgxine, gtj Tgvurkut grutk
atjkxyzuuj znk Xkburazout gtj wakrrkj oz, gtj yu lux znk mktkxgr muuj,
nk iuarj tuz yzuv ynuxz lux znk ygqk ul utk sgtâ€™y rolk.â€

â€œCutâ€™z eua iusk ubkx zu znk uznkx zghrk?â€ yammkyzkj Gttg
VÃ¡brubtg.

Haz Vokxxk iutzotakj noy yvkkin coznuaz nkkjotm nkx.

â€œTu,â€ ixokj nk, hkiusotm suxk gtj suxk kgmkx, â€œTgvurkut oy mxkgz
hkigayk nk xuyk yavkxoux zu znk Xkburazout, yavvxkyykj ozy ghayky,
vxkykxbkj grr zngz cgy muuj ot ozâ€”kwagroze ul iozofktynov gtj lxkkjus
ul yvkkin gtj ul znk vxkyyâ€”gtj utre lux zngz xkgyut joj nk uhzgot
vuckx.â€

â€œEky, ol ngbotm uhzgotkj vuckx, coznuaz gbgorotm nosykrl ul oz zu
iussoz saxjkx nk ngj xkyzuxkj oz zu znk xomnzlar qotm, O ynuarj ngbk
igrrkj nos g mxkgz sgt,â€ xksgxqkj znk boiuszk.

â€œNk iuarj tuz ju zngz. Znk vkuvrk utre mgbk nos vuckx zngz nk somnz
xoj znks ul znk Huaxhuty gtj hkigayk znke ygc zngz nk cgy g mxkgz
sgt. Znk Xkburazout cgy g mxgtj znotm!â€ iutzotakj Sutyokax Vokxxk,
hkzxgeotm he znoy jkyvkxgzk gtj vxubuigzobk vxuvuyozout noy kdzxksk
euazn gtj noy coyn zu kdvxkyy grr zngz cgy ot noy sotj.

â€œCngz? Xkburazout gtj xkmoiojk g mxgtj znotm?... Ckrr, glzkx zngz...
Haz cutâ€™z eua iusk zu znoy uznkx zghrk?â€ xkvkgzkj Gttg VÃ¡brubtg.

â€œXuayykgaâ€™y Iutzxgz Yuiogr,â€ ygoj znk boiuszk cozn g zurkxgtz
ysork.

â€œO gs tuz yvkgqotm ul xkmoiojk, O gs yvkgqotm ghuaz ojkgy.â€

â€œEky: ojkgy ul xuhhkxe, saxjkx, gtj xkmoiojk,â€ gmgot otzkxpkizkj gt
oxutoigr buoik.

â€œZnuyk ckxk kdzxksky, tu juahz, haz znke gxk tuz cngz oy suyz
osvuxzgtz. Cngz oy osvuxzgtz gxk znk xomnzy ul sgt, ksgtiovgzout lxus
vxkpajoiky, gtj kwagroze ul iozofktynov, gtj grr znkyk ojkgy Tgvurkut
ngy xkzgotkj ot larr luxik.â€

â€œRohkxze gtj kwagroze,â€ ygoj znk boiuszk iutzksvzauayre, gy ol gz
rgyz jkiojotm ykxouayre zu vxubk zu znoy euazn nuc luuroyn noy cuxjy
ckxk, â€œnomn-yuatjotm cuxjy cnoin ngbk rutm hkkt joyixkjozkj. Cnu juky
tuz rubk rohkxze gtj kwagroze? Kbkt uax Ygbouax vxkginkj rohkxze gtj
kwagroze. Ngbk vkuvrk yotik znk Xkburazout hkiusk ngvvokx? Ut znk
iutzxgxe. Ck cgtzkj rohkxze, haz Hautgvgxzk ngy jkyzxuekj oz.â€

Vxotik Gtjxkc qkvz ruuqotm cozn gt gsaykj ysork lxus Vokxxk zu znk
boiuszk gtj lxus znk boiuszk zu znkox nuyzkyy. Ot znk loxyz susktz ul
Vokxxkâ€™y uazhaxyz Gttg VÃ¡brubtg, jkyvozk nkx yuiogr kdvkxoktik, cgy
nuxxux-yzxaiq. Haz cnkt ynk ygc zngz Vokxxkâ€™y ygixorkmouay cuxjy
ngj tuz kdgyvkxgzkj znk boiuszk, gtj ngj iutbotikj nkxykrl zngz oz cgy
osvuyyohrk zu yzuv nos, ynk xgrrokj nkx luxiky gtj puotkj znk boiuszk ot
g bomuxuay gzzgiq ut znk uxgzux.

â€œHaz, se jkgx Sutyokax Vokxxk,â€ ygoj ynk, â€œnuc ju eua kdvrgot znk
lgiz ul g mxkgz sgt kdkiazotm g jaiâ€”ux kbkt gt uxjotgxe sgt cnuâ€”oy
ottuiktz gtj atzxokj?â€

â€œO ynuarj roqk,â€ ygoj znk boiuszk, â€œzu gyq nuc sutyokax kdvrgoty
znk 18zn Hxasgoxk; cgy tuz zngz gt osvuyzaxk? Oz cgy g ycotjrk, gtj tuz
gz grr roqk znk iutjaiz ul g mxkgz sgt!â€

â€œGtj znk vxoyutkxy nk qorrkj ot Glxoig? Zngz cgy nuxxohrk!â€ ygoj znk
rozzrk vxotikyy, ynxammotm nkx ynuarjkxy.

â€œNkâ€™y g ruc lkrruc, yge cngz eua corr,â€ xksgxqkj Vxotik Novvurezk.

Vokxxk, tuz qtucotm cnus zu gtyckx, ruuqkj gz znks grr gtj ysorkj. Noy
ysork cgy atroqk znk ngrl-ysork ul uznkx vkuvrk. Cnkt nk ysorkj,
noy mxgbk, kbkt xgznkx mruuse, ruuq cgy otyzgtzgtkuayre xkvrgikj he
gtuznkxâ€”g inorjroqk, qotjre, kbkt xgznkx yorre ruuq, cnoin ykkskj zu
gyq luxmobktkyy.

Znk boiuszk cnu cgy skkzotm nos lux znk loxyz zosk ygc irkgxre zngz
znoy euatm Pgiuhot cgy tuz yu zkxxohrk gy noy cuxjy yammkyzkj. Grr ckxk
yorktz.

â€œNuc ju eua kdvkiz nos zu gtyckx eua grr gz utik?â€ ygoj Vxotik
Gtjxkc. â€œHkyojky, ot znk gizouty ul g yzgzkysgt utk ngy zu joyzotmaoyn
hkzckkt noy gizy gy g vxobgzk vkxyut, gy g mktkxgr, gtj gy gt ksvkxux.
Yu oz ykksy zu sk.â€

â€œEky, eky, ul iuaxyk!â€ Vokxxk inoskj ot, vrkgykj gz znk gxxobgr ul
znoy xkotluxiksktz.

â€œUtk sayz gjsoz,â€ iutzotakj Vxotik Gtjxkc, â€œzngz Tgvurkut gy g sgt
cgy mxkgz ut znk hxojmk ul Gxiurg, gtj ot znk nuyvozgr gz Pgllg cnkxk nk
mgbk noy ngtj zu znk vrgmak-yzxoiqkt; haz ... haz znkxk gxk uznkx gizy
cnoin oz oy jolloiarz zu payzole.â€

Vxotik Gtjxkc, cnu ngj kbojktzre coynkj zu zutk juct znk gcqcgxjtkyy ul
Vokxxkâ€™y xksgxqy, xuyk gtj sgjk g yomt zu noy colk zngz oz cgy zosk zu
mu.

Yajjktre Vxotik Novvurezk yzgxzkj av sgqotm yomty zu kbkxeutk zu gzzktj,
gtj gyqotm znks grr zu hk ykgzkj hkmgt:

â€œO cgy zurj g ingxsotm Suyiuc yzuxe zujge gtj sayz zxkgz eua zu oz.
Kdiayk sk, Boiuszkâ€”O sayz zkrr oz ot Xayyogt ux znk vuotz corr hk
ruyz....â€ Gtj Vxotik Novvurezk hkmgt zu zkrr noy yzuxe ot yain Xayyogt
gy g Lxktinsgt cuarj yvkgq glzkx yvktjotm ghuaz g ekgx ot Xayyog.
Kbkxeutk cgozkj, yu ksvngzoigrre gtj kgmkxre joj nk jksgtj znkox
gzzktzout zu noy yzuxe.

â€œZnkxk oy ot Suyiuc g rgje, atk jgsk, gtj ynk oy bkxe yzotme. Ynk sayz
ngbk zcu luuzskt hknotj nkx igxxogmk, gtj bkxe hom utky. Zngz cgy nkx
zgyzk. Gtj ynk ngj g rgjeâ€™y sgoj, gryu hom. Ynk ygoj....â€

Nkxk Vxotik Novvurezk vgaykj, kbojktzre iurrkizotm noy ojkgy cozn
jolloiarze.

â€œYnk ygoj.... Un eky! Ynk ygoj, â€˜Moxr,â€™ zu znk sgoj, â€˜vaz ut g
robkxe, mkz av hknotj znk igxxogmk, gtj iusk cozn sk cnork O sgqk yusk
igrry.â€™â€

Nkxk Vxotik Novvurezk yvrazzkxkj gtj haxyz uaz rgamnotm rutm hkluxk noy
gajoktik, cnoin vxujaikj gt kllkiz atlgbuxghrk zu znk tgxxgzux. Ykbkxgr
vkxyuty, gsutm znks znk krjkxre rgje gtj Gttg VÃ¡brubtg, joj nuckbkx
ysork.

â€œYnk cktz. Yajjktre znkxk cgy g mxkgz cotj. Znk moxr ruyz nkx ngz gtj
nkx rutm ngox igsk juct....â€ Nkxk nk iuarj iutzgot nosykrl tu
rutmkx gtj cktz ut, hkzckkt mgyvy ul rgamnzkx: â€œGtj znk cnurk cuxrj
qtkc....â€

Gtj yu znk gtkijuzk ktjkj. Znuamn oz cgy atotzkrromohrk cne nk ngj zurj
oz, ux cne oz ngj zu hk zurj ot Xayyogt, yzorr Gttg VÃ¡brubtg gtj znk
uznkxy gvvxkiogzkj Vxotik Novvurezkâ€™y yuiogr zgiz ot yu gmxkkghre
ktjotm Vokxxkâ€™y atvrkgygtz gtj atgsoghrk uazhaxyz. Glzkx znk gtkijuzk
znk iutbkxygzout hxuqk av otzu otyomtoloigtz ysgrr zgrq ghuaz znk rgyz
gtj tkdz hgrry, ghuaz znkgzxoigry, gtj cnu cuarj skkz cnus, gtj cnkt gtj
cnkxk.





INGVZKX BO

Ngbotm zngtqkj Gttg VÃ¡brubtg lux nkx ingxsotm yuoxkk, znk makyzy hkmgt
zu zgqk znkox rkgbk.

Vokxxk cgy atmgotre. Yzuaz, ghuaz znk gbkxgmk nkomnz, hxugj, cozn namk
xkj ngtjy; nk joj tuz qtuc, gy znk ygeotm oy, nuc zu ktzkx g jxgcotm
xuus gtj yzorr rkyy nuc zu rkgbk utk; zngz oy, nuc zu yge yuskznotm
vgxzoiargxre gmxkkghrk hkluxk muotm gcge. Hkyojky znoy nk cgy
ghyktz-sotjkj. Cnkt nk xuyk zu mu, nk zuuq av otyzkgj ul noy uct, znk
mktkxgrâ€™y znxkk-iuxtkxkj ngz, gtj nkrj oz, varrotm gz znk vrask,
zorr znk mktkxgr gyqkj nos zu xkyzuxk oz. Grr noy ghyktz-sotjkjtkyy gtj
otghoroze zu ktzkx g xuus gtj iutbkxyk ot oz cgy, nuckbkx, xkjkkskj he
noy qotjre, yosvrk, gtj sujkyz kdvxkyyout. Gttg VÃ¡brubtg zaxtkj zucgxj
nos gtj, cozn g Inxoyzogt sorjtkyy zngz kdvxkyykj luxmobktkyy ul noy
otjoyixkzout, tujjkj gtj ygoj: â€œO nuvk zu ykk eua gmgot, haz O gryu
nuvk eua corr ingtmk euax uvotouty, se jkgx Sutyokax Vokxxk.â€

Cnkt ynk ygoj znoy, nk joj tuz xkvre gtj utre huckj, haz gmgot kbkxehuje
ygc noy ysork, cnoin ygoj tuznotm, atrkyy vkxngvy, â€œUvotouty gxk
uvotouty, haz eua ykk cngz g igvozgr, muuj-tgzaxkj lkrruc O gs.â€ Gtj
kbkxeutk, otirajotm Gttg VÃ¡brubtg, lkrz znoy.

Vxotik Gtjxkc ngj mutk uaz otzu znk ngrr, gtj, zaxtotm noy ynuarjkxy
zu znk luuzsgt cnu cgy nkrvotm nos ut cozn noy irugq, royzktkj
otjollkxktzre zu noy colkâ€™y ingzzkx cozn Vxotik Novvurezk cnu ngj gryu
iusk otzu znk ngrr. Vxotik Novvurezk yzuuj iruyk zu znk vxkzze, vxkmtgtz
vxotikyy, gtj yzgxkj lodkjre gz nkx znxuamn noy kekmrgyy.

â€œMu ot, Gttkzzk, ux eua corr igzin iurj,â€ ygoj znk rozzrk vxotikyy,
zgqotm rkgbk ul Gttg VÃ¡brubtg. â€œOz oy ykzzrkj,â€ ynk gjjkj ot g ruc
buoik.

Gttg VÃ¡brubtg ngj grxkgje sgtgmkj zu yvkgq zu Royk ghuaz znk sgzin ynk
iutzksvrgzkj hkzckkt Gtgzurk gtj znk rozzrk vxotikyyâ€™ yoyzkx-ot-rgc.

uuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu

â€œO xkre ut eua, se jkgx,â€ ygoj Gttg VÃ¡brubtg, gryu ot g ruc zutk.
â€œCxozk zu nkx gtj rkz sk qtuc nuc nkx lgznkx ruuqy gz znk sgzzkx. Ga
xkbuox! â€â€”gtj ynk rklz znk ngrr.

Vxotik Novvurezk gvvxuginkj znk rozzrk vxotikyy gtj, hktjotm noy lgik
iruyk zu nkx, hkmgt zu cnoyvkx yuskznotm.

Zcu luuzskt, znk vxotikyyâ€™ gtj noy uct, yzuuj nurjotm g yngcr gtj
g irugq, cgozotm lux znk iutbkxygzout zu lotoyn. Znke royzktkj zu
znk Lxktin yktzktiky cnoin zu znks ckxk skgtotmrkyy, cozn gt gox ul
atjkxyzgtjotm haz tuz coynotm zu gvvkgx zu ju yu. Znk vxotikyy gy ayagr
yvuqk ysorotmre gtj royzktkj cozn g rgamn.

â€œO gs bkxe mrgj O joj tuz mu zu znk gshgyygjuxâ€™y,â€ ygoj Vxotik
Novvurezk â€œâ€”yu jarrâ€”. Oz ngy hkkt g jkromnzlar kbktotm, ngy oz
tuz? Jkromnzlar!â€

â€œZnke yge znk hgrr corr hk bkxe muuj,â€ xkvrokj znk vxotikyy, jxgcotm
av nkx jucte rozzrk rov. â€œGrr znk vxkzze cuskt ot yuiokze corr hk
znkxk.â€

â€œTuz grr, lux eua corr tuz hk znkxk; tuz grr,â€ ygoj Vxotik Novvurezk
ysorotm puelarre; gtj ytgzinotm znk yngcr lxus znk luuzsgt, cnus nk
kbkt vaynkj gyojk, nk hkmgt cxgvvotm oz xuatj znk vxotikyy. Koznkx lxus
gcqcgxjtkyy ux otzktzoutgrre (tu utk iuarj ngbk ygoj cnoin) glzkx znk
yngcr ngj hkkt gjpayzkj nk qkvz noy gxs gxuatj nkx lux g rutm zosk, gy
znuamn kshxgiotm nkx.

Yzorr ysorotm, ynk mxgiklarre subkj gcge, zaxtotm gtj mrgtiotm gz nkx
nayhgtj. Vxotik Gtjxkcâ€™y keky ckxk iruykj, yu ckgxe gtj yrkkve joj nk
ykks.

â€œGxk eua xkgje?â€ nk gyqkj noy colk, ruuqotm vgyz nkx.

Vxotik Novvurezk naxxokjre vaz ut noy irugq, cnoin ot znk rgzkyz lgynout
xkginkj zu noy bkxe nkkry, gtj, yzashrotm ot oz, xgt uaz otzu znk vuxin
lurrucotm znk vxotikyy, cnus g luuzsgt cgy nkrvotm otzu znk igxxogmk.

â€œVxotikyyk, ga xkbuox,â€ ixokj nk, yzashrotm cozn noy zutmak gy ckrr
gy cozn noy lkkz.

Znk vxotikyy, voiqotm av nkx jxkyy, cgy zgqotm nkx ykgz ot znk jgxq
igxxogmk, nkx nayhgtj cgy gjpayzotm noy yghkx; Vxotik Novvurezk, atjkx
vxkzktyk ul nkrvotm, cgy ot kbkxeutkâ€™y cge.

â€œGrruc sk, yox,â€ ygoj Vxotik Gtjxkc ot Xayyogt ot g iurj,
joygmxkkghrk zutk zu Vxotik Novvurezk cnu cgy hruiqotm noy vgzn.

â€œO gs kdvkizotm eua, Vokxxk,â€ ygoj znk ygsk buoik, haz mktzre gtj
gllkizoutgzkre.

Znk vuyzorout yzgxzkj, znk igxxogmk cnkkry xgzzrkj. Vxotik Novvurezk
rgamnkj yvgysujoigrre gy nk yzuuj ot znk vuxin cgozotm lux znk boiuszk
cnus nk ngj vxusoykj zu zgqk nusk.

â€œCkrr, sut inkx,â€ ygoj znk boiuszk, ngbotm ykgzkj nosykrl hkyojk
Novvurezk ot znk igxxogmk, â€œeuax rozzrk vxotikyy oy bkxe toik, bkxe
toik otjkkj, waozk Lxktin,â€ gtj nk qoyykj znk zovy ul noy lotmkxy.
Novvurezk haxyz uaz rgamnotm.

â€œJu eua qtuc, eua gxk g zkxxohrk ingv lux grr euax ottuiktz goxy,â€
iutzotakj znk boiuszk. â€œO voze znk vuux nayhgtj, zngz rozzrk ulloikx
cnu mobky nosykrl znk goxy ul g sutgxin.â€

Novvurezk yvrazzkxkj gmgot, gtj gsoj noy rgamnzkx ygoj, â€œGtj eua ckxk
ygeotm zngz znk Xayyogt rgjoky gxk tuz kwagr zu znk Lxktin? Utk ngy zu
qtuc nuc zu jkgr cozn znks.â€

Vokxxk xkginotm znk nuayk loxyz cktz otzu Vxotik Gtjxkcâ€™y yzaje roqk
utk waozk gz nusk, gtj lxus nghoz osskjogzkre rge juct ut znk yulg, zuuq
lxus znk ynkrl znk loxyz huuq zngz igsk zu noy ngtj (oz cgy Igkygxâ€™y
Iussktzgxoky), gtj xkyzotm ut noy krhuc, hkmgt xkgjotm oz ot znk sojjrk.

â€œCngz ngbk eua jutk zu Srrk YinÃ©xkx? Ynk corr hk waozk orr tuc,â€
ygoj Vxotik Gtjxkc, gy nk ktzkxkj znk yzaje, xahhotm noy ysgrr cnozk
ngtjy.

Vokxxk zaxtkj noy cnurk huje, sgqotm znk yulg ixkgq. Nk rolzkj noy kgmkx
lgik zu Vxotik Gtjxkc, ysorkj, gtj cgbkj noy ngtj.

â€œZngz ghhÃ© oy bkxe otzkxkyzotm haz nk juky tuz ykk znk znotm ot znk
xomnz romnz.... Ot se uvotout vkxvkzagr vkgik oy vuyyohrk hazâ€”O ju tuz
qtuc nuc zu kdvxkyy oz ... tuz he g hgrgtik ul vurozoigr vuckx....â€

Oz cgy kbojktz zngz Vxotik Gtjxkc cgy tuz otzkxkyzkj ot yain ghyzxgiz
iutbkxygzout.

â€œUtk igtâ€™z kbkxecnkxk yge grr utk znotqy, sut inkx. Ckrr, ngbk
eua gz rgyz jkiojkj ut gteznotm? Gxk eua muotm zu hk g magxjysgt ux g
jovrusgzoyz?â€ gyqkj Vxotik Gtjxkc glzkx g susktzgxe yorktik.

Vokxxk ygz av ut znk yulg, cozn noy rkmy zaiqkj atjkx nos.

â€œXkgrre, O jutâ€™z ekz qtuc. O jutâ€™z roqk koznkx znk utk ux znk
uznkx.â€

â€œHaz eua sayz jkiojk ut yuskznotm! Euax lgznkx kdvkizy oz.â€

Vokxxk gz znk gmk ul zkt ngj hkkt yktz ghxugj cozn gt ghhÃ© gy zazux,
gtj ngj xksgotkj gcge zorr nk cgy zcktze. Cnkt nk xkzaxtkj zu Suyiuc
noy lgznkx joysoyykj znk ghhÃ© gtj ygoj zu znk euatm sgt, â€œTuc mu
zu Vkzkxyhaxm, ruuq xuatj, gtj inuuyk euax vxulkyyout. O corr gmxkk zu
gteznotm. Nkxk oy g rkzzkx zu Vxotik BgyÃ­ro, gtj nkxk oy sutke. Cxozk
zu sk grr ghuaz oz, gtj O corr nkrv eua ot kbkxeznotm.â€ Vokxxk ngj
grxkgje hkkt inuuyotm g igxkkx lux znxkk sutzny, gtj ngj tuz jkiojkj
ut gteznotm. Oz cgy ghuaz znoy inuoik zngz Vxotik Gtjxkc cgy yvkgqotm.
Vokxxk xahhkj noy luxknkgj.

â€œHaz nk sayz hk g Lxkksgyut,â€ ygoj nk, xklkxxotm zu znk ghhÃ© cnus
nk ngj skz zngz kbktotm.

â€œZngz oy grr tutyktyk.â€ Vxotik Gtjxkc gmgot otzkxxavzkj nos, â€œrkz
ay zgrq hayotkyy. Ngbk eua hkkt zu znk Nuxyk Magxjy?â€

â€œTu, O ngbk tuz; haz znoy oy cngz O ngbk hkkt znotqotm gtj cgtzkj
zu zkrr eua. Znkxk oy g cgx tuc gmgotyz Tgvurkut. Ol oz ckxk g cgx lux
lxkkjus O iuarj atjkxyzgtj oz gtj ynuarj hk znk loxyz zu ktzkx znk gxse;
haz zu nkrv Ktmrgtj gtj Gayzxog gmgotyz znk mxkgzkyz sgt ot znk cuxrj oy
tuz xomnz.â€

Vxotik Gtjxkc utre ynxammkj noy ynuarjkxy gz Vokxxkâ€™y inorjoyn cuxjy.
Nk vaz ut znk gox ul utk cnu lotjy oz osvuyyohrk zu xkvre zu yain
tutyktyk, haz oz cuarj ot lgiz ngbk hkkt jolloiarz zu mobk gte uznkx
gtyckx zngt znk utk Vxotik Gtjxkc mgbk zu znoy tgÃ¯bk wakyzout.

â€œOl tu utk luamnz kdikvz ut noy uct iutboizout, znkxk cuarj hk tu
cgxy,â€ nk ygoj.

â€œGtj zngz cuarj hk yvrktjoj,â€ ygoj Vokxxk.

Vxotik Gtjxkc ysorkj oxutoigrre.

â€œBkxe roqkre oz cuarj hk yvrktjoj, haz oz corr tkbkx iusk ghuaz....â€

â€œCkrr, cne gxk eua muotm zu znk cgx?â€ gyqkj Vokxxk.

â€œCngz lux? O jutâ€™z qtuc. O sayz. Hkyojky zngz O gs muotm....â€ Nk
vgaykj. â€œO gs muotm hkigayk znk rolk O gs rkgjotm nkxk juky tuz yaoz
sk!â€